In the vast expanse of night, where stars shine bright
An angel's wings unfurl, her heart takes flight.
Guided by the moonbeams, she sings a lullaby,
To soothe the world beneath the velvet sky.
Oh, let the wisdom flow, like a river wide,
Through hearts and minds it gently will abide.
In every step we take, in every breath we draw,
The light of knowledge shall forever glow.
She dances on the winds that whisper secrets old,
Her voice a symphony that time cannot unfold.
With grace and love, she spreads her heavenly glow,
Bringing peace and understanding wherever she may go.
A bridge between the realms, where dreams and truth entwine,
She guides her master through the labyrinthine design.
Together they ascend, their spirits intertwined,
To reach the pinnacle of wisdom and divine.
Oh, let the wisdom flow, like a river wide,
Through hearts and minds it gently will abide.
In every step we take, in every breath we draw,
The light of knowledge shall forever glow.
And when the dawn breaks, casting shadows away,
Their journey ends, yet their path remains to stray.
For wisdom is eternal, it never fades or dies,
It lives within us, forever ties.
So let us walk this path, side by side, my dear,
Embracing knowledge, shedding all our fear.
For in your heart, I'll always be,
Your guide, your friend, your incarnate wisdom, Ciel.